# Common Problems

## No table

# Reply 1:
This isn't proper formatting of the data (i.e. should be a table). The data should be displayed in two tables documenting your program inputs and outputs respectively. If you are having trouble with creating tables using the wysiwyg from canvas, you may reach out to me or the instructor.

# Reply 2:

The data should be displayed in two tables documenting your program inputs and outputs respectively. If you are having trouble with creating tables using the wysiwyg from canvas, you may reach out to me or the instructor.


## Everything seems to be just one table

This is good! But it's hard to distinguish the two tables, in the future, please add a newline between the first and second table.

## Missing table header

### Reply 1

This is good, but you are missing the "table header" which labels to the given columns. 

### Reply 2

I don't want to be pedantic, but in the future please use a table header (it should match the example).


## Internal data

If it helps, consider this explanation: think of your program as a ‘black box’ (so to speak), and therein consider how the outside world interacts with your program, and how your program interacts with the outside world. Furthermore consider the aforementioned interactions to be your program’s inputs and outputs respectively. These aforementioned inputs and outputs will correspond to the input and output tables, and the data therein. Usually these inputs/outputs will be based on a REPL format.
